COMDOX-1739: Added docs for Fastly maintenance mode (#943)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/setup/configuration/content-delivery-network.mdx

In the domains configuration, you must use a wildcard. Since the Commerce Admin doesn't let you do this, you must do it using the Fastly CLI (which also shows the wildcard URL in the Admin).

### Maintenance mode

> The storefront has no built-in maintenance mode. The VCL snippet below is one example of a redirect snippet you can use to send all incoming requests to your maintenance page. It excludes requests to the `/maintenance` path, so the maintenance page itself stays reachable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The storefront has no built-in maintenance mode. However, you can add a custom VCL snippet similar to the one below to redirect  all incoming requests to your maintenance page. This snippet excludes requests to the `/maintenance` path, so the maintenance page itself stays reachable.
```
